
------------------------------------------------------------WEEK 01 - TASK 01---------------------------------------------------------------
1)Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 HTTP version history

HTTP 1.1 - Version 1.1 was released in 1997 and became the Internet Standard. This version added many performance enhancements, such as keepalive connections, caching mechanisms, request pipelining, transfer encodings, and byte range requests.This new version was better and removed many of the ambiguities found in HTTP/1.0.

HTTP 2.0 - HTTP/2 is the next version of HTTP and is based on Google’s SPDY Protocol (originally designed to speed up the serving of web pages). It was released in 2015 by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).It is important to note that HTTP/2 is not a replacement for HTTP. It is merely an extension, with all the core concepts such as HTTP methods, Status Codes, URIs, and Header Fields remaining the same.

The key differences HTTP/2 has to HTTP/1.x are as follows:

i)   It is binary, instead of textual
ii)  It is fully multiplexed, instead of ordered and blocking
iii) It can use one connection for parallelism
iv)  It uses header compression to reduce overhead
v)   It allows Server Pushing to add responses proactively into the Browser cache.

2)List 5 differences between Browser JS vs Node Js.

i)  Both the browser and Node use JavaScript as their programming language.
ii) Building apps that run in the browser is a completely different thing than building a Node.js application.
iii)Despite the fact that it’s always JavaScript, there are some key differences that make the experience radically different.
iv) And in the browser, we don’t have all the nice APIs that Node.js provides through its modules, like the filesystem access functionality.
v)  Another difference is that Node uses the CommonJS module system, while in the browser we are starting to see the ES Modules standard    being implemented.

3) what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?

i)   You type maps.google.com into the address bar of your browser.
ii)  The browser checks the cache for a DNS record to find the corresponding IP address of maps.google.com.
iii) If the requested URL is not in the cache, ISP’s DNS server initiates a DNS query to find the IP address of the server that hosts maps.google.com.
iv)  The browser initiates a TCP connection with the server.
v)   The browser sends an HTTP request to the webserver.
vi)  The server handles the request and sends back a response.
vii) The server sends out an HTTP response.
viii)The browser displays the HTML content (for HTML responses, which is the most common).

4) Write a write up on Difference between copy by value and copy by reference. 

Copy by value:-
In a primitive data-type when a variable is assigned a value we can imagine that a box is created in the memory. This box has a sticker attached to it i.e. the variable name. Inside the box the value assigned to the variable is stored.

Copy by reference:-
In case of a non-primitive data-type the values are not directly copied. When a non-primitive data-type is assigned a value a box is created with a sticker of the name of the data-type. However, the values it is assigned is not stored directly in the box. The language itself assigns a different memory location to store the data. The address of this memory location is stored in the box created.

5) How to copy by value a composite data type (array+objects). 

There are 3 ways to copy by value for composite data types.
i)  Using the spread (...) operator
ii) Using the Object.assign() method
iii)Using the JSON.stringify() and JSON.parse() methods